The Ghosts of Eddington Castle
on the border of England and Scotland. The year is 1605.
Halt! Who goes there?
Let us in. We have a prisoner.
Who is this man?
Robert Mackenzie. He's a traitor. He has to be hanged.
Place him in the dungeon. Take him to the dungeon.
Get up, Mackenzie.
Take your hands off me, you English pig!
Why you?
Put your sword away. He will be hanged as every traitor should be,
and then his body will be thrown from the castle walls.
Take him to the dungeon.
Put him in there.
The following night, the night before Robert Mackenzie was due to be hanged,
a hay wagon arrived at the gates of the castle.
Halt! Who goes there?
Gabriel West. What is your business here?
You know me. I bring hay for your horses.
Wait. Let me look.
Can I go in now?
You may pass.
Thank you. Get up!
Whoa!
Yes, stupid Mack. Stand still.
Wait a minute.
Who's that?
Don't say a word.
Who are you? And how did you get into my wagon?
Don't ask questions.
I will call for help.
If you do anything, I will kill you.
No, stop. What do you want from me?
Tell me where the dungeons are.
You don't know where the dungeons are.
Can you feel the blade of my knife on your throat?
Alright.
I will kill you if you don't do as I say.
Stop.
Where are the dungeons?
On the other side of this courtyard.
Right.
Now listen to me. Unload your hay and wait here.
I will be back in five minutes.
I intend to leave the castle in your wagon.
I should I wait for you.
Because if you don't, I will kill you.
And what is to stop me leaving the castle without you?
Before you come back.
I have friends outside the castle waiting for this wagon.
If I am not on it, they will kill you.
I will do as you ask.
But why do you want to go to the dungeons?
My husband is there.
Your husband?
The traitor Robert Mackenzie is your husband.
Don't dare use the word traitor in front of me again.
Don't tell me again.
Where are the dungeons?
Across the courtyard and then down some steps.
Thank you.
But you'll never get there.
Why not?
There is a guard at the top of the steps and another at the bottom.
There will not be a problem.
Just make sure you are ready to leave when I return.
And if you breathe a word to these guards,
you will die an ugly death when you leave this castle.
I understand.
I am not waiting for you.
You dangerous witch.
Guard.
Who is there?
It is me.
Who?
Who is it?
Come closer.
Who are you and what?
Who goes there?
Adam is it you?
What is going on?
Who is there?
Is it time?
Robert, it is me.
Elizabeth?
Yes.
Oh my God.
Let me hold you.
Robert, quickly we must leave.
Leave.
Yes, come.
My God.
What have you done?
Have you killed the guard?
I have killed two guards.
I will kill as many as it takes to free you.
Now come.
But how can we escape?
What are we to do?
Robert, there is no time to talk.
Put on this cloak and follow me.
You see the wagon on the other side of the courtyard.
Yes.
We are going to escape in that.
Come on.
Get up.
What the?
The stupid fool.
The wagon has gone.
What's happening?
Quick.
There are horses over there.
We can still get out before they lower the gate.
Stop.
Who are you?
We need two horses.
What?
Oh.
Quickly.
That was the gate.
The prisoner is escaping.
God.
Yes, Captain?
Give me your crossbow.
Yes, Captain.
What are you?
Robert.
Elizabeth.
I've been hit.
Robert, don't stop.
I'm dying.
Wait.
Hold on to me.
We can ride on one horse.
Elizabeth, save yourself.
Leave me to die here.
Why are you so spineless, Robert?
Hold on to me.
Then horses ask for them.
Leave me, Elizabeth.
Hold on to me, Robert.
If we get beyond the village, we'll be in the forest and there will never catch us.
I can't go on.
I'm bleeding to death.
Wait.
There's house over there.
We can get there before the English scum come over the hill.
We will ask the people in the house to shelter us.
And if they don't.
If they are true Scots, they will help us.
Robert, let me help you.
Lean against the wall.
Go, Princess.
Go.
Run into the forest.
Who's there?
Open the door.
Who are you?
Open the door, I tell you.
And who is this man?
What's happened to him?
Let us in.
Why?
The English are coming after us.
Why are they after you? What have you done?
You were prisoners, aren't you?
You must have escaped from Eddington Castle.
I won't let you and they will kill me.
There we are.
Fire!
Dear God in heaven, you are not coming in here.
Oh my God.
You will regret this moment until your dying day.
In the name of Scotland, I put a curse on your family for all time.
Fire!
Good.
They're both dead.
Oh, God, preserve us.
What is your name?
Andrew McPherson.
You're a Scotsman.
Yes, I have.
This dead man is the traitor, Robert Mackenzie.
Mackenzie?
Why are you giving shelter to traitors?
No, no, I'm not giving them shelter. I promise.
People who shelter traitors are also traitors.
But I didn't shelter them. I wouldn't let them in.
Guards?
Take him away.
Whoop!
I have done nothing wrong.
What is the name of this cottage?
It is known as McPherson's farm.
Burn it to the ground.
Scotland.
2005.
Excuse me.
Yes?
Are you Walter McPherson?
Yes, I am.
Oh!
How amazing!
Sorry?
Well, I've just finished reading your book.
Oh.
Hey, I love you, Jean.
Zhang, it's pretty easy.
Why don't we finish drawing your book?
Which one?
I've written quite a few.
The Ghost of Ed agentan castle.
It's brilliant.
Thank you.
My name's Jean Duncan, by the way.
Please am each you miss...
Ms Duncan...
Oh.
Call me Jane.
Please am each you Jane.
Tell me.
Really? I'm actually from Eddington.
Are you? Do you live there?
No, I live in Edinburgh. I'm coming home to see my parents.
I see.
Walter, are you English, aren't you?
Oh, you noticed.
I certainly did. I'm surprised.
Surprised? Why?
I thought that the ghosts of Eddington Castle was written by someone from the area.
Well, for a start, my ancestors are from the area around Eddington.
Right. McPherson is a very common name in the area.
And secondly, I own a house in Eddington.
Do you know? Which one?
McPherson's farmhouse.
You own McPherson's farmhouse?
Yes. Well, I inherited it from my cousin, Alistair.
Oh. Was he?
Was he the man who died there? Yes.
Alistair McPherson? Yes, I see. How long?
It was five years ago.
And is it true?
What? Is what true?
Is it true that he only spent one night at the house before he died?
Yes, it is. He died of a heart attack on his first night in the house.
Very strange.
I see.
You know people in the village think...
I know. I know they think that the farmhouse is haunted.
Yes.
Well, I'm not sure. For a start, it isn't the original farmhouse.
The original farmhouse burnt down. This one is only 200 years old.
I know, but it's built on exactly the same spot.
Really?
Really? And take my work for it, Walter.
People in Eddington believe that the farmhouse and the castle are haunted.
So many strange things have happened there.
I know. I spent months researching that book.
I know all about the horses galloping across the hills near the castle late at night.
Well, a lot of people have heard them.
Have you?
Well, no.
You see? You actually ask anyone if they've seen these horses and they say,
No, but my uncle McPavish has.
So, I asked if I could meet these uncles and grandfathers and of course they were all dead.
Well...
Anyway, I don't care. It's my house and I'm going to live there.
You're going to live at McPherson's farmhouse.
Yes.
What? At the weekends?
No. All the time.
Goodness!
Well, you feel safe there.
Safe? Jane, I've lived in London for the last 20 years.
In my street, every day I see tramps, drug dealers, hooligans, football fans.
I've had enough.
You've had enough of London?
Absolutely. It's dirty and expensive.
And I'm a writer, not a banker, so I can't afford to live there anymore.
I see.
And I'm too old for it. Everyone seems to be under 30.
How old are you?
31.
Goodness. I'm 31.
I was joking, Jane. I'm a little bit older than 31.
Anyway, I decided it was time for a change.
But... you want to live in McPherson's farmhouse?
No one has lived there for ages. I mean apart from...
Apart from Alistair, I know.
But I am going to live there.
In fact, I moved all my books and a lot of my furniture up there last month.
And a nice lady from the village has cleaned the place up for me.
She's done a wonderful job.
I'm sure she has.
Eddington people are very hardworking.
Tell me something, Walter.
What?
Have you ever spent the night at the farmhouse?
Not yet, no.
Tonight will be the first night.
Melrose, next station. Melrose, change here from McGovern, Haven and Eddington.
We have to change here.
Okay.
Walter.
What?
Wake up.
Why?
We've arrived.
Where are we?
In Eddington.
Oh.
Right.
How are you going to get to the farmhouse?
I don't know.
Like taxi, I suppose.
Taxi!
At this time of night, no chance.
Oh.
Well, I'll walk.
Walk?
Don't be silly.
It's about three miles outside the village.
At that case, I don't know what I'll do.
Look, my father will be waiting for me outside the station.
He can give you a lift.
It's awfully nice of you to give me a lift, Mr. Duncan.
Think nothing of it, Mr. McPherson.
Walter thought you would be able to get a taxi at the station father.
Well, there is a taxi in the village, but the driver stops work at six o'clock.
I don't know how I would have done without you.
In London, I go everywhere by bus or taxi.
I don't have a car, waste of time and money.
What did you see?
It's a waste of time and money, owning a car.
Really?
Well, not up here, of course.
I'm sure you need a car all the time up here.
Yes.
I'm sure we do.
We're coming to the farmhouse now.
Goodness.
It's dark out here, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
Very dark.
I say, Mr. Duncan, could you point your headlights at the front door so I can see what I'm doing?
Eh, just a minute.
That's marvellous. Thank you.
Well, here we are.
Home sweet home.
Do you want to come in and have a look around?
Eh.
Come on.
Don't be shy.
Jean!
Don't go in there!
Father!
I mean it!
I don't mind driving, Mr. McPherson, here.
But I don't want you to go into the house.
Sorry, Mr. McPherson.
It's nothing personal.
No, no, I understand.
You country types?
I beg your pardon?
Sorry, I mean...
Walter, Dad and I are going home now.
Here's my phone number.
If you need anything, just give me a call.
Well, thank you.
Do you have a phone here?
Ah, no, not yet.
But I've got a mobile.
Here.
The numbers on this card.
Okay.
I'll call you later to make sure everything is alright.
Goodbye.
Hmm.
Thank you, Jane.
Thanks for everything.
Jean!
Coming!
Good God.
It's quiet around here.
And it's so dark.
What on earth is that?
Pull yourself together, Walter.
It's time to have a look at your new home.
Now where the hell is the light switch?
Don't blast.
The lights aren't working.
Oh, well.
I'll have to sort that out in the morning.
So...
the bedroom's in here, I think.
Jesus Christ, it's a cat.
How the hell did you get in here?
Well, you're going out.
How'd you go?
Oh, my God.
There's that noise again.
There we are.
Fire!
Walter, pull yourself together.
There are no ghosts at Eddington Castle.
Time for bed.
I wish to God there was some whiskey somewhere.
What?
Where am I?
Hello?
Walter?
Who's that?
It's Jane.
Jane Duncan.
Oh, Jane.
Hello.
What time is it?
It's half past ten.
Sorry, did I wake you up?
No, no.
I was just...
Well, yes, you did actually.
I'm so sorry, Walter.
I should have waited until tomorrow.
I just wanted to see if everything was alright.
Yes, everything's fine.
There's no electricity and no whiskey,
but apart from that, no problems at all.
Well, I'm very pleased to hear it.
I was wondering what your plans were for tomorrow.
Well, I hear it.
My God, what was that?
What?
What is it, Walter?
Someone's knocking on the door.
Fit to wake in the dead.
Can't you hear it?
No, Walter.
I can't hear anything at all.
Open the door.
I still might.
Did you hear that?
No.
What's going on?
There's a woman at the door shouting ahead of.
I'm going to tell her to get lost.
Walter, don't.
Don't open the door.
Hold on a second, Jane.
I'll sort it out.
Walter, stop it.
Don't open the door.
Open the door.
I've just about had enough.
Who's there?
Open the door, I tell you.
But who are you?
Open the door.
They're going to kill us.
Who are you?
My God.
What's happened to this man?
The English are after us.
The English, what are you talking about?
Let us in.
No.
Tell me who you are.
What the hell?
Who are all these people?
Oh, my God.
You will regret this moment until your dying day.
In the name of Scotland, I put a curse on your family for all time.
Fire!
Oh, my God.
It's all true.
Walter, what's happened?
Walter!
Hello.
Is that the police?
Yes, it is.
My name is Jane Duncan, and I'm calling from Eddington.
Eddington.
Now, that's near Haberne, am I right?
Yes.
You have to send someone.
Something terrible has happened.
Really?
Now, what would that be?
I think someone may have been murdered.
Murdered?
Where?
McPherson's farmhouse.
Please get police and an ambulance there as fast as you can.
Father?
What is it, Jane?
We have to go back to the farmhouse right away.
Why?
What's happened?
Walter is in terrible trouble.
Oh, my God.
Walter's at the door.
Walter, are you all right?
Please, no more.
He's alive.
Father, here's my phone.
Call the police again.
Hi.
Walter, can you hear me?
Yes.
What happened?
A man and a woman.
They were trying to get in.
A man and a woman?
Yes.
What did they look like?
I don't know.
Oh, no.
God.
Did it hit me?
Did what hit you, Walter?
The arrow.
Did it hit me?
No, Walter.
It didn't hit you.
Thank God for that.
Jane.
What, Father?
The ambulance is on its way.
Good.
Thank you.
Is he all right?
Well, he's alive, but he isn't all right.
I think he's had a heart attack or something, and...
And?
I think he's seen the ghosts of Elizabeth and Robert Mackenzie.
My name is Detective Sergeant Jackson, and you are...
My name's Jane Duncan, and this is my father, Donald.
Hello.
Sorry to keep you both waiting.
That's all right.
We just wanted to make sure that the gentleman was on his way to hospital.
I understand.
Is he going to be all right?
I don't know.
He's had a heart attack.
The medics did what they could.
We'll have to wait and see.
Okay.
Now, if you don't mind, I need to ask you one or two questions.
I know it's a bit late.
That's all right.
It's not a problem.
Right.
Well, first of all, I understand that you found the gentleman.
Yes.
Where was he when you found him?
He was lying in the doorway.
And did he tell you what had happened to him?
Not exactly, but I think he saw the ghosts of Eddington Castle.
He...
He saw what?
He saw two ghosts.
Er...
I can't write that in my report.
Mr. Jackson, you aren't from round here, are you?
No, I'm from Glasgow.
Did you see your ruined castle when you drove here?
No, it's dark. I didn't see anything.
Well, you drove past Eddington Castle.
Most people around here would tell you that there are ghosts there.
Ghosts, see?
Anybody famous?
Detective, this is no laughing matter.
The ghosts are two Scottish freedom fighters.
Elizabeth and Robert Mackenzie.
They fought against the English in the 17th century.
They were killed somewhere in these fields.
People have seen the ghosts of the English soldiers who killed them as well.
I see.
Well, let's talk about what happened this evening.
By the way, what is your relationship with the gentleman?
I met him on the train from Eddington at this evening.
We gave him a lift to the farmhouse.
I see.
So you were here when he had the heart attack?
No.
We brought Mr. McPherson here.
But my father didn't want to go into the house.
Really? Why not?
Everyone in Eddington is frightened of this house.
No one has lived here for five years.
Walter, Mr. McPherson, owns the cottage now.
But tonight was the first night he spent here.
He tried to spend here.
Right.
And the last person who lived here died the first night he was here.
So, let me get this straight.
Mr. McPherson is the owner of the cottage, but he's never spent any time here.
That's right.
So, you brought Mr. McPherson to the house and then you went home?
Yes.
So, why did you come back to the cottage?
I came because...
Yes?
Well, I called Walter to see if he was all right.
And something happened while we were on the phone.
He said there was someone at the door.
He opened the door and started talking to someone.
Did you hear who he was talking to?
No.
I could only hear Walter's voice.
What did he see?
He said, he said...
Who are you?
My God.
What's happened to this man?
The English.
What are you talking about?
No.
Tell me who you are.
What the hell?
Who are all these people?
Oh, my God.
It's all true.
Mr. McPherson?
What?
Oh, nice.
What time is it?
It's half past nine.
Mr. McPherson and you have a visitor.
Good morning, Walter.
Jane.
How good to see you.
Good to see you too, Walter.
Oh, great.
Yes.
And they're letting me out today.
I know.
Walter, I'm sorry I didn't come to see you earlier.
I had to go back to Edinburgh.
But I came back as soon as I could.
It's so good to see you, Jane.
You know you saved my life, don't you?
Oh, Walter.
It was nothing.
No.
You're wrong.
The doctors told me.
If you hadn't come to the house, I would have died.
Well, only too glad to help.
It was terrifying, you know.
I can imagine.
This woman, she looked as if she was going to kill me.
Yes.
And do you know what the man said?
He said, in the name of Scotland, I put a curse on your family for all time.
A curse?
Your family is cursed because the man in the farmhouse didn't let Robert and Elizabeth into the house.
Well, it seems that way.
Walter, this may seem like a ridiculous question, but...
Go on.
Are you going to go back to the farmhouse?
No way.
Are you sure?
Absolutely.
I'm going to put it on the market, and if no one wants to buy it, I'm going to set fire to it.
I don't think you should do that.
I think there's something we can do to solve the problem.
We?
Yes.
We.
I'll help you.
Walter, you and I are going to spend the night at the farmhouse tonight.
What?
No way.
Thank you very much, Mr. Pearson.
You're welcome.
How much is that?
Oh, nothing, Jean.
This trip is on the house.
Oh, thank you.
I can't believe that I'm doing this.
Walter, trust me.
We're doing the right thing.
Well, are you going to come in this time?
Of course.
You won't be able to see anything.
Yes, I will.
I brought these.
Campals.
Good idea.
Oh, Walter, it's absolutely beautiful.
Yes.
You're right.
I'd forgotten.
By the way, what does your father think about you being here?
He doesn't know.
He doesn't know?
No.
He thinks I'm in Edinburgh.
I haven't told him that I came back.
Jean, this is crazy.
Walter, relax.
We just have to spend the night here, and then everything will be fine.
You know there isn't any electricity.
Yes.
So I can't even make you a cup of tea.
But I do have this.
A bottle of whiskey.
Do you want some?
No.
And you mustn't have any either.
You had a heart attack less than a week ago.
I know.
That's why I want some whiskey.
So, what do we do now?
We wait.
Jean, if you want to sleep, you can have my room.
I can sleep here in the kitchen.
Walter, I don't need to...
Shh.
Can you hear that?
Yes.
Oh, God.
Can we call the police or something?
We don't need the police.
Let me go to the window.
No.
Walter, just stay where you are.
Robert, let me help you.
Lean against the wall.
Go, Princess.
Go.
Run into the forest.
Jane.
Wait.
Open the door.
Don't move, Walter.
Let me deal with this.
Jane.
What are you doing?
I'm going to open the door.
Jane, don't.
They'll kill you.
Walter.
Trust me.
Open the door.
Welcome.
Come in.
You are letting us come in?
Yes.
Robert, come.
I can't.
Come.
Come inside the house.
Sorry.
Oh, thank you.
We are escaping from the English.
I know.
You are welcome here.
We are friends.
My husband is dying,
but I don't want the English to catch him.
I...
Listen.
They've gone.
Robert, we are safe.
Safe.
If disappeared.
Yes.
And I don't think they will come again.
Jane, you...
You are amazing.
Thank you, Walter.
I don't know what to say.
Don't say anything.
Welcome to your new home.
I hope you spend many happy days here.
I hope so too.
Oh, my God.
I really need a whiskey now.
Walter, whiskey is not a good idea for someone who's just had a heart attack.
Jane, meeting the ghosts who gave me the heart attack in the first place wasn't such a good idea.
If I can survive that, I can survive a glass of whiskey.
Yeah.
The Darkest Night.
Sophie.
You awake?
Yes.
Can you look at the map?
Sorry?
Sophie, wake up.
We're nearly there.
Oh, right.
Can you look at the map, please?
What map?
Sophie, we've just passed a place called Mold, which means that we must be getting near to Plastag.
Where?
Plastag.
The place where we're going to stay.
We're nearly there.
So, why do I have to look on the map?
Because I wrote some instructions on it.
Sophie, hurry up.
We may miss the turning.
Tom, don't be angry with me.
Well, well, I need your help.
I can't drive and look at the map at the same time.
Okay.
Let me...
Tom, look out!
What?
What is this?
The girl!
You're going to hit that girl!
What girl?
The girl in the road!
Look out!
Sophie, take your hand off the wheel.
Oh!
No!
What the hell was all that about?
Are you okay?
I think so.
But what about the girl?
Did you hit her?
What on earth are you talking about?
Look, Sophie, I've just crashed the car into...
What the hell is this?
We've crashed into a great big mound of earth.
There was a girl crossing the road, didn't you see her?
No, I didn't see anyone.
And anyway, look at the car.
Oh my God, if you hit her, she could be dead.
I didn't hit anyone.
There was no one on the road.
What's the matter with you?
Were you dreaming?
No!
I saw a girl.
She stepped right in front of the car.
And she looked straight at me.
It was as if she wanted to kill herself.
Well, she nearly killed us.
Sophie, where are you going?
I'm going to look for her!
Oh, please, God, let her be OK.
Can you see anything?
No.
Oh, there's no one here.
I told you there wasn't anyone.
Tom, I saw a girl.
She stepped out into the road in front of the car.
What did she look like?
She was young.
She looked about 14 and...
And what?
Well, she looked...
I don't know. She looked old-fashioned.
I've never seen anyone who looked like that.
And she was carrying something, a kind of bag.
They looked really old.
Sophie, I don't think you actually saw anyone.
I think you were still half asleep.
Maybe.
Anyway, we have to do something about the car.
Let's see if I can start it.
No.
OK.
Well, this car isn't going anywhere.
What did we hit?
Well, I thought it was just a moment of Earth.
But it's really solid.
It's some kind of round wall or something.
Oh.
What is it?
I think it's a well.
A well? What, like for water?
Yes.
Well, it used to be a well. It's...
It's been filled in.
Right.
So, what are we going to do about the car?
Oh, try to call someone.
Oh.
What?
I can't get a signal.
Can you?
Wait a sec.
No.
I can't.
Oh, not surprising, really.
We're in the middle of nowhere.
Oh.
Look.
What?
The sign over there.
Plus tag.
Oh!
The place where we're going to stay.
Yes.
Oh.
It's two kilometers down that road.
Two kilometers?
Oh, no.
It's not far.
We can leave the luggage in the car.
I'm not leaving anything in the car.
It could get stolen.
Sophie, what did you just say?
We're in the middle of nowhere.
No one is going to steal anything.
I am not leaving anything in the car.
Okay.
Let's unpack and start walking.
Grandma?
What is it, Gwyn?
There are two people walking down the path.
Who are they?
I don't know.
They're not from around here.
And they've got a lot of luggage.
Really?
Strange.
I'm expecting some people from London, but they're coming by car.
I wonder who these people are.
Don't know.
We'll go on.
What?
Go out and help them.
Oh, okay.
Nearly there.
Oh, good.
My feet are killing me.
My arms are killing me from carrying all your luggage.
I can't carry suitcases in these shoes.
Right.
Oh, look.
Someone's coming.
Hello?
Have you come to stay at Plastag?
Yes.
Here.
Let me give you a hand with your luggage.
Thank you very much.
Flippin' heck.
This one's heavy.
I know.
I'll take this round the back of the house and up to your room.
You win the bell and my grand will let you in.
Okay.
Thank you.
Goodness.
Look at this ancient bell.
I wonder if it works.
Yes.
It does.
Hello?
Ah.
You must be Mr. and Mrs. Parks.
Is that right?
Yes.
Well, I'm Tom Parks and this is my partner, Sophie Richardson.
Hello.
Are you Mrs. Craven?
Yes, that's right.
Welcome to Plastag.
Um, did you come by bus from mold?
No.
We came by car.
Oh.
So...
We had an accident.
I'm afraid I crashed into the old well at the corner of the main road.
You crashed into the old well.
How did you manage to do that?
Well, I...
It's a long story.
Well, come inside.
Right.
This is your room.
Oh, it's wonderful.
Yes.
It's brilliant.
Mrs. Craven, is there a garage near here?
Is there someone who can fix my car?
I've already asked Green to call someone.
Thank you.
I hope you don't mind me asking, but how did the accident happen?
Well, Sophie...
I thought I saw someone step into the road, Mrs. Craven.
I thought we were going to hit her.
Someone stepped into the road.
I think I was just dreaming.
But you think you saw someone on the road at the junction with the road to this house?
Yes.
Can you describe the person that you saw?
It was a girl.
She was about 14.
A girl?
I see.
Did you notice anything else about her?
Yes.
She was carrying an old bag.
But I was half asleep.
I think I was dreaming.
Yes.
Of course you were.
Ah, here's Green.
Gran, David Gower from the garage is here to look at the car.
Great.
Can you give us the keys and we'll go and see what we can do?
Yes, of course. Here you are.
Thanks.
You know what? I'm hungry.
Is there anywhere good to eat?
Here it is. The Trevord Arts. Thank you.
Good. I'm starving.
Last three pounds.
Here you are. Thank you. Enjoy your evening.
It looks great.
Yes, but what's the food like? Remember, we're in the middle of nowhere.
Let's find out.
Excuse me.
Hello. Can I help you?
Can we see a menu?
It's on the wall.
Sorry?
We don't have a menu. The food we do is written on the wall. Over there.
Oh, right.
Do you want me to come back?
No, I think we can order now.
I think I'll have the steak pie, please.
So...
That was the most boring meal I've ever had in my life.
Well...
Have you finished?
Yes, thank you. Was everything all right?
Wonderful.
Good.
Can you tell me something?
Yes.
How old is this pub?
Oh, it's very old.
The original pub was built in 1500.
1500?
That's amazing.
Well, that building.
Burned down a long time ago, but this place is about 300 years old.
And why is it called the Trevor Arms?
Ah, well, it's named after the Trevor family.
They used to be the landowners around here.
They lived in a big house near here called Plasteg.
Oh, we're staying there?
Really?
And is everything... is everything all right there?
Yes, everything's fine. Why did you ask?
Nothing. Excuse me.
What was that about?
What was what about?
She seemed surprised that we were staying at Plasteg.
Did she? She seemed quite okay to me.
Anyway, shall we go?
Okay.
Oh, just...
Tom?
What?
Look!
At the window!
What is it now?
That girl again!
Sophie, come back!
What are you doing?
I saw that girl again!
Which girl?
The girl we nearly ran down in the road.
She was at the window!
Where is she now?
I don't know.
She disappeared again.
I think she's in the woods.
Sophie, come back!
I've got to find her!
Stop!
Sophie!
I've got to find her!
Stop!
Sophie!
What the hell is going on?
I don't know!
Jesus!
Tom!
I'm scared!
Me too!
I...
Tom!
What?
Look out!
Oh God!
Are you all right?
No!
Wait here!
I'll get help!
Go away!
Who's there?
Tom!
It's the girl!
Go away!
I've never come near me again!
If you do, something even worse will happen!
Ahhh!
Tom?
Where am I?
You're in hospital.
In hospital?
What?
Oh!
Don't try to move!
What's the matter with me?
You have a broken shoulder and a broken arm.
You're lucky to be alive.
What happened?
A tree fell on you.
Yeah.
I remember now.
Well, at least it wasn't that girl.
It was that girl.
I'm sure she was responsible.
If you ever come near me again, something even worse will happen!
When we were in the woods, she was there.
When the tree fell on you, she was there.
Sophie, listen.
No, Tom.
You listen to me.
I am not the only one who has seen this girl.
Everyone around here knows about her.
That's why the waitress in the pub wanted to know if everything was all right.
What waitress?
And terrible things always happen when she appears.
How do you know all this?
Mrs. Craven told me.
She's here.
And she wants to tell us the whole story.
Uh-huh.
Are you ready for this?
I guess so.
I'll go and get her.
Hello, Mrs. Craven.
Mr. Parks.
I'm so sorry.
Don't be silly, Mrs. Craven.
This isn't your fault.
Well, maybe it is.
Why?
What do you mean?
I should have warned you about the girl.
Mrs. Craven, tell Tom what you told me.
The girl that Sophie saw is someone who lived in my house five hundred years ago.
The house was built by a man called Sir John Trevo, sometime around fifteen hundred.
When he died, his brother Edward became the owner of the house.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
We commend our dear brother to be heard.
My Lord Trevo, allow me to express my deepest sympathy.
Thank you, Squirt Rwellin.
My Lord, is it true that you and your family will now live at Plasté?
Correct, Squirt Rwellin.
And in a few weeks' time, when we have finished mourning my dear brother John,
we will have a feast and invite people from all over the county.
And is it also true that your daughter Dorothy is already sixteen?
She is indeed, in fact, she will be seventeen in just a few months, I see.
Did you know that my son Alan finds her most desirable?
I knew of this, Lwellin.
It occurred to me that we may use the occasion of the feast to announce the betrudal of my son and your daughter.
This was my idea, too.
Dorothy?
Yes, Father.
I'm going to make an announcement to the servants.
I would like you to be there when I do it.
Yes, Father.
Good morning, everyone.
I, Edward Trevoire, am now a master of Plasté.
And I want you to know that life in the great house will continue as before.
Everyone will continue to do the work they are doing now.
Oh, God bless you, sir.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
For now, the house is in mourning for my dear brother.
Very soon, we will have a great feast of celebration.
And the cause of celebration will be the announcement of the marriage of my daughter Dorothy to Alan Lwellin.
Young Miss Dorothy is to marry Alan Lwellin.
I cannot believe it.
Alan Lwellin, such a horrible man.
And did you see the young girl's face?
She didn't look very happy about the idea.
You're right.
She looked shocked.
So, Dorothy, you are to be married in June on the occasion of your 17th birthday.
Father, this is not what I expected.
Not what you expected.
What do you mean?
I feel I am not ready for marriage.
Not ready.
Dorothy, you're nearly 17.
Nearly half way through your life.
Of course you are ready.
Well, Miss Dorothy, you are to be married.
Annie, listen.
Yes, Miss.
You are the only person I can trust.
You know that I do not love Alan Lwellin.
Oh, Miss Dorothy.
I am in love with Yvonne Turner.
Yvonne Turner?
But Yvonne Turner is just a farm hand.
And you are a lady.
Annie, I love him.
I will not marry Alan Lwellin.
Yvonne, are you there?
Yes.
Yvonne, hold me.
Yvonne, why are you so cold with me?
Because you are to marry Alan Lwellin.
Yvonne, I do not wish to marry Alan Lwellin.
This is my father's idea.
It is you who I wish to marry Alan Lwellin.
Your father is Lord of the manor now.
He will never allow you to marry someone who works on the land.
I don't care about my father's wishes.
I will marry you.
Dorothy, that is impossible now.
No, it isn't.
We will go away from here.
Go away.
Where can we go?
And how will we live?
We can find someone.
I will not marry you.
Go away.
Where can we go?
And how will we live?
We can find somewhere where we can be safe.
And we will live well.
I have some jewels.
We can sell them.
Sell your jewels.
Dorothy, this idea is mad.
Yvonne, do you want me for your wife?
Of course.
In that case, we must go away.
When?
Soon.
They want me to marry on my 17th birthday.
In June, we have time.
And I have a plan.
My Lord Edward, this is a fine feast.
Thank you, Chloe.
Will you make the announcement of the marriage dates this evening?
Indeed, I will.
Lord Edward, I think it would be a fine idea.
If the wedding took place sooner rather than later.
Really?
Why?
Well, I have heard rumours that Dorothy is...
Well, how can I say?
Very friendly.
We're the young man in the village.
A young man in the village?
Who is he?
A farm hand named Yvonne Turner.
Yvonne Turner.
I know the boy.
He has worked on my land.
Yes.
He has worked on my land also.
This cannot be possible.
It is only something I have heard.
Perhaps we should consider holding the wedding ceremony sooner than Dorothy's 17th birthday.
Indeed.
The wedding must take place as soon as possible.
Let us say, Saturday week.
Ten days from now.
This is a fine idea, my Lord.
I will make the announcement now.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Ladies and gentlemen, I trust that you find my humble feast to your liking.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yes.
I wish to take this opportunity to announce that the marriage of my daughter, Dorothy to Alan Schlewellen,
the son of my friend, Schlewellen, will take place here at Plasté in ten days.
What is going on there?
It's your daughter, Dorothy.
She has feinted.
Are you all right, Miss Dorothy?
I know you have to help me.
Help you.
What do you wish me to do?
Tonight, I want you to go to the village and I want you to take this bag.
What is it?
Look inside.
I want you to take this bag.
I want you to go to the village and I want you to take this bag.
What is it?
Look inside.
Oh, goodness, Miss Dorothy.
These are all your jewels.
What do you wish me to do with them?
I want you to take the jewels to Ivan Turner's house.
To Ivan's house?
But why?
Please don't ask any questions.
I want you to tell Ivan to meet me where the road from Plastég meets the road to Mold.
Near the well, tell him to meet me there tomorrow night at midnight.
Miss Dorothy, what are you thinking of?
Honey, I cannot marry Schlewellen's son.
Ivan and I are going to run away.
Oh, Miss Dorothy.
The next evening, Schlewellen and his son Alan came to Plastég for dinner.
Dorothy said she felt ill and asked to be excused.
When she left the room, Alan followed her.
Dorothy? Dorothy?
Why do you avoid me?
I am not avoiding you, Mr. Chlewellen.
Mr. Chlewellen?
Dorothy.
We are to be married.
You can call me Alan.
And maybe you should allow me to take your hands off me.
Come, come, Dorothy.
I said take your hands off me.
Well, Dorothy, you had better change your attitude quickly.
We are to be married in nine days.
Believe me alone.
Dorothy didn't want to spend another minute in the house.
She closed her bedroom door, changed into some warm clothes,
and put a few possessions in a small bag.
She walked down the back staircase and quietly left the house.
Her plan was to wait in the woods near the well until Ivan arrived.
But when she reached the edge of the woods,
she heard the sound of a horse approaching.
Ivan! Ivan, is it you?
Ivan? No, Dorothy. This is Alan.
Mr. Chlewellen, what are you doing here?
What am I doing here?
Surely I could ask you the same question, Mr. Trevo.
What are you doing here?
I am waiting for you, Mr. Chlewellen.
I am waiting to meet the man I love.
The man you love?
What are you talking about?
Who, pray, tell me, is the man you love?
If you remember you and I are to marry.
I will not marry you, Mr. Chlewellen.
I am in love with another.
Who? Who are you in love with?
I am in love with Ivan Turner.
Ivan Turner?
He is just a farm boy.
You cannot love a farm boy.
I can, and I do, and I will marry him too.
Are you mad?
You are going to marry me.
Take your hands off me.
I could never marry an ugly brute such as you.
Don't ever hit me again or you will regret it.
Go away. Go away and never come near me again.
If you do, something even worse will happen.
Go away and never come near me again.
Oh dear, you talk to me like that.
I will teach you a lesson.
Take your hands off me.
Get off me.
Dorothy!
Oh my God!
Dorothy! Dorothy!
What happened?
Dorothy fell down the well.
Didn't he try to save her?
She made no sound.
She was dead.
So, what did he do?
Did he tell anyone what had happened?
He told no one.
He rode away.
Annie?
Yes, my lord.
Where is Miss Dorothy? Have you seen her this morning?
No, my lord.
It's very late for her to still be in her room.
Please go and tell her I wish to speak to her.
Yes, my lord.
Please.
Miss Dorothy?
Miss Dorothy? Are you there?
Oh! Miss Dorothy?
What have you done?
It is good that you came so quickly we came as soon as we heard the news is there any
sign of Dorothy no and there is some more news we have discovered that all her jewelry
is missing her jewelry is missing this is all very suspicious father yes Alan I have
something I wish to say what do you wish to say Alan my lord Trevor when I left your
house last night I saw a man and a woman near the well on the mold road I'm almost certain
that the man was a farm boy from the village called Ivan Turner Ivan Turner yes what about
the woman well the woman looked a little like Dorothy but I thought of course it couldn't
be Dorothy what were the people doing the man appeared to be threatening the woman when
they saw me they moved away into the trees did you speak to them no why didn't you come
to the house to tell us Edward why should he have done that they were not on your land
maybe we should go to the woods to see if we can find something
Alan tell me where did you see these people they were standing by the well look at the
top of the well what is that let me look it's it's a piece of torn clothing let me have
a look look look at the bottom of the well what can you see I can see nothing I can see
a body
who is there oh my lord Trevor is he fantastic even no he isn't here where is he he is in
the fields west of the village what happened to even he was arrested and charged with the
murder of Dorothy my god yes they also found her jewelry in his house didn't they miss
his Craven they thought that he'd argued with her killed her and stolen her jewelry terrible
what happened to him he was hanged but what about Annie didn't she tell people what she
knew she was too frightened to say anything she thought she would get into trouble what
happened to her a few months later she drowned in the river people think she took her own life
so how did anyone find out the truth well Alan Schlewellin eventually married and had two sons
but when his wife then had a baby daughter the ghost of Dorothy appeared she told Alan he would
go to hell for what he'd done eventually he confessed and he was sent to jail did they
hang him to no you see two people couldn't be hanged for the same crime and what happened
when he came out of jail he never came out he died in jail I see and Dorothy's ghost has
she been around ever since well Alan Schlewellin's wife and family moved away and the ghost was
never seen again until until what she appeared again about 75 years ago and she has appeared many
times since really does anyone know why oh yes we know why
you see 75 years ago a family called Schlewellin came to live in mold they were direct descendants
of Alan Schlewellin soon after they arrived they had a child a daughter Dorothy appeared
when the child was born her strange yes it is strange and she's appeared on other occasions since
then too but go on Mrs Craven tell Tom what you told me well the thing is she always appears when
descendants of the Schlewellin family are here how strange well mr parks Tom please call me Tom
well Tom you need to rest the doctor told me that they're going to keep you in hospital overnight
I suppose well will you be coming back to plastic when they let you out well of course we will
Mrs Craven oh I'm so pleased and Sophie will you come back tonight or will you stay here in the
hospital I'll come back tonight okay well give mr Jenkins the taxi driver a call when you're
ready to leave and he'll come and pick you up thanks see you later Sophie you aren't going back to
plus take by yourself yes I am I have to what do you mean you have to why do you have to go back
Mrs Craven already told me that Dorothy appears when there are people from the Schlewellin family
she appeared because we came here what why would she do that my name is parks and your name is
Richardson Tom my mother's name before she was married yes it was Schlewellin my god when Mrs Craven
told me that I called my mother I didn't tell her about the ghost or your accident but I did tell
her that we were in a town called mold and you know what she told me what she said her mother was
born here what my grandmother was born here 75 years ago she was the girl child Dorothy appeared
again where my grandmother was born all right let's get out of here oh you aren't going anywhere
and I'm going back to plazte Sophie you aren't going back by yourself yes I am yes mr Richardson
yes your taxi has arrived taxi we didn't order a taxi thank you nurse could you ask mr Jenkins
to wait for a few moments of course Sophie it's okay I ordered the taxi earlier I'm going back
Sophie if you're planning to spend the night at plus take I'm coming with you you can't they won't
let you goodbye Tom Sophie don't worry about me I know what I'm doing I'll see you tomorrow
Mr Richardson yes okay
so it's back to plazte right right but not all the way I'm sorry I don't want you to take
me all the way where do you want me to take you just leave me at the corner which corner the corner
of the road to plazte take near the old well are you sure yes I'm sure
thank you mr Jenkins mr. Richardson I don't like the idea of leaving you here why don't I it's all
right mr Jenkins I know what I'm doing but it's very late and you're a long way from plazte
mr Jenkins I know how to get back to plazte so please don't worry about me well call me if you
need any help won't you of course I will now go home to mrs Jenkins I'll be all right okay then
I can't phone you mr Jenkins here in the middle of nowhere and my cell phone doesn't work
well Sophie you've done some crazy things in your life but this
is
go away and never come near me again Dorothy go away Dorothy where are you let me see you no
Dorothy please let me see you and let me talk to you
go away let me talk to you what do you want Dorothy where are you I'm here by the well
Dorothy just listen to me for a moment you came here because of me how do you know
because I'm I'm much new Ellen oh please stop please listen to me I didn't know about you until
I came here now I know who you are and I know the terrible things that happened to you I want to say
I don't know I want to say I'm sorry you're sorry you're sorry Dorothy I want you to forgive
my family for the terrible things that were done to you but remember they were done by my ancestors
you can't blame me for that I wish I could do something to stop the pain you feel I wish I could
do something to put it right for you and for Ivan say his name what say his name Ivan say it loud
Ivan say it louder Ivan say it again and again Ivan Ivan
I've been waiting for you Ivan thank god I found you oh my god
Jesus my phone's working hello Sophie are you all right yes good so you're back at the house
Sophie where are you don't worry Tom I'm all right everything's all right
you